oh great Annika Tommy look how nice
where's this doll in the museum let's go
to the museum excuse me where is the
museum it's next to pam-pam hospital
thank you here this is pam pam hospital
where's the museum excuse me where's the
museum over there
thank you Wow
how nice excuse me where is this doll
go straight and turn right thank you
let's go Oh Shh
I'm sorry oh no I don't like the red
coat
do you like this coat
no I don't ring they can make a good
coat great make a good coat okay stand
up please put on this coat please
okay
how nice good I like this coat it's
raining it's windy too
it's okay umbrella please put on your
coat please
it's too cold Clara
do you like milk no I don't milk is good
Clara thank you
Wow
great let's run Clara okay who is she is
she Clara I don't know mom dad
Oh Clara you can run is he your friend
yes he is my friend Peter thank you
Clara can run Clara can dance too let's
sing a song together
no no ji